well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to
talk about the safe harbor concept
everybody knows about the electoral
college and how bizarre it is
there are some procedural things that
go along with it and one of them is a
concept called
safe harbor what it boils down to
is that if a state has certified their
results
the election results and any state
level legal challenges have been
resolved by a certain date
those results enter safe harbor which
means they can't really be challenged
in in congress congress has to accept
them
the date for that to occur is right now
um it appears that every state with the
exception of wisconsin
got it done so
the end result here is that the
overwhelming majority of states their
results aren't going to be challenged in
congress
wisconsin has 10 electoral votes even
if there was some challenge and biden
didn't get those votes he still has more
than 270.
now the electoral college doesn't
actually meet until
the 14th uh so a few more days
that's when we will find out about any
shenanigans that the trump
administration
has planned for that day
it is unlikely that any of it's going to
matter
to be i mean completely honest
okay now
the congress can't object members of
congress can object
to various things as far as the electors
go
there is a member in the house a
republican in the house i want to say
from alabama but it might have been
mississippi
that is going to object
for that to matter they also have to
have somebody who will object
on the same grounds in the senate
okay even if that happens
then both houses so the house of
representatives and the senate
both have to sustain the objection
the likelihood of the house of
representatives
sustaining any objection that is going
to impact biden
being elected is it's a statistical zero
it's not really gonna happen i mean this
this congress person would have to bring
some significant
evidence of something that would cause
them to vote against
biden it's just not a realistic
possibility
so that's occurred there's really
the trump administration and their legal
strategy is is running out of options
um again i don't think that this is
a realistic possibility that anything is
going to come of this but it is
kind of reassuring to mark all of these
little moments as they
pass and we hit one today
so there are enough electoral votes
in safe harbor for biden to win at this
point
anything now that's going to change the
outcome would
have to be just ridiculously bizarre
there's nothing there's nothing even
remotely
normal left that could alter the outcome
of the election
so there we go um
yeah i mean that's pretty much it good
morning
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day